I have a dream a dream of a sports and
Esports gaming center with the world's
fastest WiFi with an incredible whole
building audio setup 4K cameras and
stupid fast fiber optic networking
everywhere to be clear the dream is
still alive but as you can see we are
painfully behind schedule the power's
not finished the date is barely half run
and they are still today putting in the
boxes that our Wi-Fi is supposed to
amount to and somehow we are supposed to
be soft opening at the end of next month
but we have a plan with the help of
ecoflow who sponsored this video and
sent over their awesome new Delta Pro 3
smart battery backup to give us power
while we work I and the tech Avengers
here are going to be hopefully solving
some of our problems and getting this
train back on the tracks and by
hopefully I mean we have to because
starting tomorrow Jake and I are each
going to be out of office for two
[Music]
weeks to get 100% completion of this
part of the project we need a rack two
wall racks nine patch panels 200
terminations four fiber Bays eight
Network switches 200 patch cables let's
just see how far we get um the good news
is the rack will at least be a little
bit easier than last time thanks to an
awesome new technology um that okay it's
kind of like that tool for eating you
know but like huge like a fork yeah yeah
that's how we got it up here cool right
okay maybe there's a little bit of
movement still oh yeah it's got to go in
that room huh oh jeez I just need to get
under
it okay one moment please okay wow we
good we good yeah yeah yeah you're good
yeah buddy and now it's on Wheels hey
thanks Hammond manufact uring this is
part of their H1 series of data center
cabinets it's 42 rack units plus these
cool six extra ones on the side that
honestly don't even make it that much
wider which should be enough for all the
networking server equipment and battery
backup that we'll need for our badminton
and pickle ball business and hopefully
Esports gaming events assuming the city
of Siri gets on board knock on wood
metal wood speaking of networking I hope
we have a plan for all of this hey it's
not so bad some of it's going downstairs
why did we bring it up
here thing is in a building this big you
don't have the option of home running
everything to the same server room
because some of the ethernet runs are
longer than the maximum supported
distance one way around this is to use
fiber optics and in some cases where we
need very high-speed connectivity over a
great distance that makes a ton of sense
but in most situations within this
building it doesn't so instead of us
trying to work out how to adapt a fiber
cable into every single security camera
we built this closet that is also going
to be packed with networking
realistically we probably could have
crammed a regular floor standing Rack in
here but as someone who has done that in
the past in a room this size it really
sucks and this is just for Network stuff
anyway so instead we opted for a pair of
these hammonded wall all mounted
vertical racks this side over here is
primarily going to be for the fiber that
connects this room to the main server
room as well as the fiber that connects
it to the second wall for gaming events
that we're hoping to be able to host uh
massive shout out by the way to infinite
cables when I first heard their name I
didn't really take it seriously but
given how much theyve sent us for this
project I think it might be literal I
think their supply of cables is infinite
so anything on this side of the courts
or in the office up front that's going
to the server room right over
there everything else is going to
terminate into this little Network
closet right here that is smack dab in
the middle between the two units going
into a switch which effectively resets
our maximum distance then we have a
high-speed fiber link that goes back to
the main server room where Jake is the
last piece we need for the fiber side is
this UniFi high-capacity aggregation
switch it's got 20 8 10 gig SFP plus
ports and then it's got four 25 gig SFP
28 ports these are the ones that are
going to run back to the server room the
rest of these are going to be short
fiber patch cables from this to the
other side where we're going to have all
of our copper and that's going to be for
our Wi-Fi access points our security
cameras I don't know if we have a POS
terminal in the concession stand POS
that kind of no not piece of oh point of
it's the same thing because so many of
the devices on this side can be powered
with their network cable using Poe we're
going to be using their Pro Max 48 Poe
this thing is sick it's got a total of
48 Poe ports 32 of them are 1 gig with
looks like eight of them supporting poe+
plus so that's higher power devices it's
got 16 that run at 2 and a half gig
that's perfect for our Wi-Fi 7 access
points and then it's got a handful of
SFP plus ports that run at 10 gigs so if
we were to trunk all of these then we
could have up to 40 gigs on our Uplink
here which is way more than we would
need probably the coolest thing about
this though is that it has RGB lighting
and not in like a silly you know for
gamers way what do they call it ether
lighting lighting something like that
it's diagnostic so it works best when
paired with you their patch cords that
are clear and translucent so it kind of
catches the light you can pick a port in
their software and go go show me that
one or you can color all your APS green
and your security cameras purple or
since the low voltage construction Lads
are terminating fiber in the main server
room right now we kind of don't want to
get in their way so we're going to be
building up the rack in the corner
office here Jake's got all the gear that
he's going to be populating it with kind
of laid out here actually this is not
even all there's more awesome so I'm
going to leave him to that for now what
he's going to need in order to make sure
any of it works though is power which is
going to be provided by our ecoflow
Delta Pro 3 we were originally thinking
of deploying this thing as part of the W
show set so that we could make the
ultimate Unstoppable W show like
seriously we could broadcast the entire
show off of this thing plus the battery
units that Jake has over there do you
want to bring those in Jake yeah sure
fantastic that feels great doesn't it
here you go okay basically their ip65
ated and we've got a total of 12 kwatt
hours of battery in the pack that we've
got here let us know in the comments if
you still want to see us do that wow
setup but for now this was great timing
for us to be able to test this stuff
while the power to the building isn't
fully hooked up yet so we'll be running
entirely off of these pre-charged
batteries for today but in the long term
this has a ton of flexibility in terms
of power inputs it comes with a standard
nonproprietary c19 charging cable and
with an upgraded cable like this one
from infinite cables it can do up to
4,000 wat Max AC charging speed and yes
supports both 120 and 240 volts it can
also get power with Solar Direct from
your car's alternator uh it can use EV
charging it can use your car's 12vt
outlet and it can even use a gas
generator most importantly for us though
it has a sub 10 millisecond transfer
time meaning that it behaves about like
a proper server UPS so even if the power
does go out or you know doesn't exist in
the first place our networking equipment
should perform flawlessly and with an
output of 4,000 watts you can even power
High wattage appliances like AC units
water pumps fridges and more of course
Jake also needs internet which he's told
me is going to be a bit of an adventure
so while he works on building out the
rack I guess I'm going to go figure that
out so the server room is way on the
other end of that wall and our internet
connection comes in here where aj from
the float plane SL lmg infr team
everything yeah whatever AJ is going to
help us get from this box to there yeah
but it's not that simple no cuz we are
running single mode fiber up to the room
problem this single mode yes so
everything's great no this is a apcsc
cable and we're trying to run it to an
LC adapter uhuh but uh we don't have it
yet so what we're going to try to do is
take this cable and splice it with uh
what infinite cable provided which which
is uh fast connect kits and yeah we'll
we'll see how it goes and hopefully it
works and we have Internet so we're just
going to hope that even though I've
never feel terminated fiber before that
I'm going to pull it off yes so I have
to get this on onto the fiber that's in
there yes it's a fast connect how the
this is
fast oh you got it and it's not long
enough I think no no that's fine that's
fine that's good you know what this was
a practice run don't even worry AJ dude
we got this we're
Unstoppable you know the uh the success
uh chance are very slim
um we're trying our best but I don't
think we're doing this the right way
dude to all the professionals watching
this saying hey they're doing it wrong
we know we're just trying stuff we're
trying stuff you got to try stuff in
life
while Lina sorts out that side of the
internet let's talk about this side for
our router and I mean controller this
thing does a lot we're using a pretty
new device this is called the dream
machine pro Max and if you're not
familiar with ubiquity dream machine
lineup it's a router
controller kind of NVR which is for
security camera recording switch Allin
one they also upgraded the CPU so
instead of around 3.5 gbit of intrusion
detection prevention this one can do
about 5 gbit and it can firewall and
Route at full 10 gig which with the
little 10 gig ports we've got here
should be perfect for our application
except we have not just
one but two next up is a fiber lgx I
don't know what lgx stands for off the
top of my head but it's basically a
fancy thing to hold fiber cables kind of
more properly you've probably seen us in
the past just use a normal like ethernet
patch panel with keystones which works
but not the best because it's not really
protected and since we have a lot of
armored fiber coming in here they can
actually just poke the armor straight
into this box and then inside the fiber
will spool up in here and be protected
behind and all we have in the front is
just little patch caes now that the
fiber lgx patch Bay thingies are
installed we can talk about our core
switch it's the same switch that was
downstairs literally turns out the plan
kind of changed and all the fiber is
coming up here so we stole the the high
cap irrigation we showed you downstairs
and we're putting it up here uh this is
going to be our core switch so the
internet comes into this guy and then
all of the other switches in the
building even the ones downstairs are
going to connect into this directly so
every single switch in the building it's
going to look like one big Branch off of
this one it just makes kind of
management easier so even though we're
going to have a bunch of extra ports on
here and we could use those for the
fibers down there we just want to keep
everything that's access like a device
plugs into it separate from this core
switch just to make maintenance a little
bit easier and kind of the topology a
little bit simpler our stack is droo our
this whole thing is just look at how bad
this is I know it's oh I'm actually a
little worried about that that looks
like it's going to bend turns out it's
kind of our fault we didn't order the
blanking panels that are supposed to go
here and reinforce this if you're not
using it so for now we're going to just
try and stick the gear in and see what
happens if it doesn't work we'll have to
like distrib some of the load in the
parts that are better reinforced and
then change it later about a painstaking
hour later we have almost everything
installed we've got all of our switches
and most of our patch panels and
fortunately it's it's a lot less sketch
now I mean it's still a little bit
sketch they're going to send us the
blanking panels which will help that but
it is far more stable and the last piece
at least for now is these nvrs we're
using standard ubiquity nvrs even though
they have a pro NVR that is to use I
just like using the standard ones
because you can do two and then stack
them together in software so that you
get the performance of having multiple
discrete units they act like one in
software um and you can fit more hard
drives speaking of hard drives we're
going to be using these Cate 22
terabytes which seems like Overkill and
it's because it is thanks to Cate for
sending these over we're going to equip
each of them with four so we'll have
like 100 terabytes almost or 90
terabytes almost in each unit
I should be quite a bit of camera
capacity I don't know if I mentioned
this yet but the ecoflow has this
wonderful 240 208 volt 30 amp plug in
the front so we got an adapter this is
l1430 to l630 and then we just had a
random pdu which is just fancy term for
big ass power bar uh and we're going to
leave that in the back of the rack for
now long term we have proper like
networked pdu so we can like turn off a
port if we want if something's broken
and not responding to power cycle it but
for now this will allow us to turn
things on and try it out we have 7.6
days of power oh we have 32 days of
power look at that it's all off battery
thanks ecof flow I feel the the Eco
flowing through me right now do you feel
it Sean I feel something but not sure if
it's Eco oh if you hit me in the face
I'll give you 20 bucks hey that sounds
like a
deal close
ah it's not bad
eh
boom you have no idea how easy this is
going to be I for many years have hated
cable managing Network racks but no
longer boom
done boom it's managed it might not be
managed well but it only took seconds
and if I need to change it again like
maybe to do it proper
L boom pretty cool huh LTT store.com
which will be linked down in the
description along with links to all the
other stuff we installed which is going
to be a very long list at this point I'd
love to do a little check-in with Dan
yeah you told me about our amazing you
know IP speaker system and all of oh my
goodness these are really big they're so
green they are very green so they're
from sound tube entertainment who the
devil are they and what's good about
this I don't know are we doing a test
with the speakers today I would hope so
do you have
Poe I would hope so there's there's no
um there's nothing in the ceiling we're
going to have these pretty much
everywhere so this is not going to be
the kind of place where you know could
the owner of a super loud BMW please be
less of a
jackass are we allowed to say that about
Jake if you can't hear us oh probably
he'll review the video wow
nice rack it is dude look at look at how
mint it is there's definitely no
flex there's a little bit of flex yeah
we're missing the
like right the blocking panels I mean
whatever but everything's plugged in and
MCM cable
managed we're just waiting for you to
mount an access point and then do we get
to do a Wi-Fi test yes awesome you
should go do that uh see you later now
I've ridden a scissor l before but I
have never gone this High the ceiling
here is 32 ft which is a little over 9
m i
mean solid right now I got to tell you
I've overcome a lot thanks to my years
as a painter but my natural state is to
be quite distressed by Heights um and
this is by far the highest I've ever
gone in a scissor lift
[Music]
okay I just I just want to hold on to
this
okay I do not like this okay what am I
supposed to do terminate a cable and
install the
AP I am so unhappy right now I don't
think I could be less happy yes I could
be less happy um there could be a cactus
in my right now now while I'm doing this
I would be less happy but I am pretty
unhappy Andrew you worked construction
do you are you like comfortable with
this yeah I don't mind this at all yeah
okay well you know
what good for you don't suppose you guys
sent me up here with a testing tool or
anything huh no I forgot sorry yeah cool
that's fine so the testing tool is just
you plugging the WAP it should light
yeah yeah yeah okay WAP has a really
different meaning in English now don't
call it a WAP she's
plugged come on baby please work hey
there it
is there good enough right beautiful hey
we did it okay let's get the hell out of
here okay please God for once in your
life oh
me I could have handed it to him in a
less precarious way why did you give it
to me with all these pieces I just need
the
phone cuz it's okay speed test let's go
woo how fast is it going 1.3 1 Point 1.3
gigabit damn damn what's our internet
speed here 3 gig 3 gig all right oh yeah
you're so you're connected to the same
AP as me you're at I'd set that to 6 GHz
wide I only got 300 up it's is our
connection symmetric yes but you might
be far away and 6 GHz is very low range
yes okay fair enough well I can fix
that we're closer to a gig and a half
now
download
1.43 and my upload is about 550 megabit
I have some bad news yeah so while you
are testing Wi-Fi 7 they haven't
released firmer with mlo or multi-link
operation yet which is what allows you
to connect to like 5 GHz and 6 GHz at
the same time and maybe get like 2 gabit
over Wi-Fi uh they don't have that
yet all right oh no way so these new APS
the U7 Pro Max have a dedicated radio
for scanning oh cool so they can scan
all the time you don't have to like
pause the Wi-Fi to scan so if you're
having Wi-Fi problems you can go pick
the AP that's closest to it and see what
the hell's going on very cool you don't
even need a wipy or a Wi-Fi man which is
ubiquity equivalent product now some of
you might have noticed that this is
extremely Overkill the fact that we've
got four APS out in this Warehouse we've
got another one on the mezzanine that
we're standing on but assuming we get
our land gaming events going we could
have hundreds of people in here and
that's where the additional APS are
going to make a big difference other
than that it's very similar to the U6
Enterprises which we have everywhere we
love those things the only real
difference is it's Wi-Fi 7 which is
flipping awesome yeah it's like
theoretically 20% faster than Wi-Fi 6
kind of out of the gate assuming the
device supports it and then once mlo is
enabled yeah I've seen results that are
well in excessive you know 2 gabit per
second Wi-Fi real world guys now there's
multiple different ways that MLL can be
used and one of the big ones is latency
imagine this in Wi-Fi if you're not
familiar it's not like an ethernet cable
if somebody's using it to a certain
degree you have to wait for them to be
done that's what makes Wi-Fi High
latency sometimes and not so much others
imagine now you can go oh this radio is
in use okay let me go to this other one
the 6 GHz band now you have 50 devices
that are using your you know 4x4 thing
and your latency is low incredible I'm
just curious how much battery we have
left on this thing we still have 92%
battery and we've been messing around
with this all day 300 watts 1.3 days
that is awesome below 2,000 Watts it's
not supposed to go above 30 DB cuz they
have like this crazy cooling setup and
if you look at the front you see that
Grill if you look in that Grill you see
the fans in there they're like there's
like two 92 mil fans in there oh yeah
look at them go they look Hefty where's
X boost the app for the one that I have
in my car is like super simple you can't
do a lot with it but it just works oh so
simple right this thing can boost to
like 8,000 Watts if you need for a
little
bit which is kind of insane all right
the big thing is if we had the actual
proper plug yeah we could turn this up
to the full 4,000 WTS and it'll pull
that 208 volt 30 amp right from the wall
actually I think we need 240 volt for
that but for now if we were just to plug
it into a normal plug right just go down
like watt or if you have a lot of other
things on the circuit you could set it
to 600 watts just knowing that it's
going to take longer but you're not
going to try up your breaker right
especially since you have that giant
battery cache if you need to draw 1,000
Watts for an hour or whatever it's fine
it will just refill when it is lower the
electronic strike doesn't fit in the
door what how does that happen do we
have we don't know they they built it
and the strike does not fit for those
not familiar an electric strike is a
little module that goes in here that's
powered that allows you to unlock a door
with you know a fob or uh your phone or
whatever the case may be yeah yeah hey
yeah there we go okay and so our problem
is that this no fit it kind of looks
like it could maybe when you take this
off there's an interior Gang Box here's
the plan we already opened this one
anyway so let's wire it up so we can
show the fine folks how our ubiquity
access is going to work and how it will
just release this thing and a door will
open and we'll just get different
electric strikes that actually fit in
our doors later we can do that nice I'm
glad we're finding out today and not a
month from now sh Shadow mode right we
we know Shadow mode we're familiar do we
Shadow mode is taking your UniFi router
SLC controller SL protect camera
monitoring system basically your dream
machine and synchronizing it to another
one now it's not real time redundant
like if one goes down just boom
immediate automatic failover at least
not yet but what it is wait wait wait oh
well you you didn't let me get oh did I
ruin the surprise yeah
oh well okay sort of the way that it's
set up right now yeah it is just like a
warm spare it's a warm spare but in the
current like Alpha 4.0 you can do
automatic High availability failover
that's awesome so it wires up exactly
like you'd expect you have the two
cables from whatever your internet box
is uh the two are connected together and
then one from each to whatever switch
you have and then boom it just does oh
that's awesome yeah ubiquity is moving
from you know high-end consumer SL SMB
to like for real though yeah oh do we
still have the film on the camera it's
in there
maybe oh you guys you got a cover on the
camera you better make an entertaining
face otherwise this was all for nothing
oh jeez I was right absolute
dork is this thing on hey not bad it's
not bad actually all right yeah no I
think we're I think we're pretty good
yeah but if I want to see the lights on
the rack well the rack's going to be in
the middle of the room oh all right
right therea yeah that's pretty good
awesome that looks great but what about
access control it turns out that the
doors that we installed ah have all the
room in the world for our electric
strikes but the doors that were part of
the base building before we started
doing our improvements are different
ones so we just have to Source some
different strikes for those but for now
we should be able to just like do this
right oh did you did you unlock it oh no
ow what got to tell me if you're going
to unlock it I was like I was showing
that it was locked of course it's not
that impressive to be able to press a
button on your computer and unlock the
door I mean we had that technology 30
years ago what's really impressive is
that we can use either NFC fobs or
phones or even if you know it's not one
that requires
authentication a wave of a hand like for
exit actually how cool is that right
pretty good the plan is to have access
control on basically every door in the
building and the reason for that is that
our goal is to allow members to have
24/7
access but only to the parts that
allowed to have access to and that might
change so if there's a land event going
on on the one side right then no
badminton members do not need to be
going in there for security reasons so
no one gets their computer stolen so
depending on what's going on in the
building we could have very different
levels of access for different people
who carry fobs or who have the app on
their phone right so we don't know how
much if any of that is ultimately going
to be rolled out but we wanted to be
ready for it and we didn't want to be
retrofitting the building you wanted to
have the flexibility to do whatever you
want to be able to do yes gotcha that
makes sense flexibility can be very
expensive the camera down here is a
different model too that's the Dome we
needed cameras down here that were
tamper resistant like they have a cover
cuz the turret ones you could just go up
and just move it out of the way right
this one has a cover so you can't just
like screw with it down here got it yeah
we I mean realistically we understand
there's going to be some shrink any
retail operation has some but we'd like
to minimize it and we'd like to know
who's causing trouble right we are going
to have pretty much a blanket policy
that anyone who walks through the door
is going to be registered even if they
don't pay for a higher chair of
membership right so don't imagine that
you're going to be coming back if you
get in trouble the bad news is we didn't
get everything done today but the good
news is that leaves lots of content for
the next Vlog setting things up here
which is probably going to be speakers
yeah I'm really excited about that setup
yeah oh my God there's so much more to
do if you guys enjoyed this video maybe
go check out the uh Linus improves his
house playlist it was this kind of chaos
but on a smaller scale yeah equally as
painful